[MUSIC PLAYING]
ELLIOTT MARQUEZ: Hey
there, Polycasters.
I'm Elliott.
And in this short
series of videos,
we're going to set up our
Polymer environment for Polymer
projects, and then we're going
to create a Polymer 2 element.
Let's get started with
installing the proper tools.
So first we're going
to install Node.js.
My favorite way
to install Node.js
is using the Nod
Version Manager, or NVM.
You can easily find this by
just Googling it for "NVM."
And you'll see this GitHub
thing for creationix.
At the top you'll
have a quick install
scripts where you
can just copy/paste
if you have a Bash prompt.
So here's my terminal.
Going to paste it right in.
And it'll install.
All right, and once you
have that installed, NVM,
you can install Node
using nvm install node.
And you want to install
the stable version.
And there you go.
It should be set up.
You'll also see this
last command out of NVM
that you want to either
run every time you start
a new terminal or put it into
your Bash profile, or your Bash
RC if you're on Ubuntu.
So I'm on a Mac, so I'm going
to put this in my Bash profile.
So I'm going to open up Vim and
put it into my Bash profile.
And you can see I
already have it here.
But let's pretend
I don't have that.
And you would just
paste it in, save it.
And you can restart
your terminal.
But I already have that, so I'm
not going to restart for now.
Let me just clear this up.
Now that we have
Node installed, we
want to install the Polymer CLI.
The Polymer CLI is a tool
created by the Polymer team.
And it allows you to
initialize projects,
and it has a lot of really
nice features to it.
We'll go through them
one at a time later.
So npm install.
And we want to
install it globally,
so we're going to
use the dash g flag.
And we're going to install
the Polymer dash CLI,
have that run.
This might take a
few minutes depending
on how fast your
internet connection is
and how fast your machine is.
All right, now that we have
the Polymer CLI installed,
we can test it running
the polymer command.
And you should see a really
nice logo right there.
Next we want to
install Bower, which
is a package manager
that we typically
use with Polymer projects.
So we're going to npm install.
We're going to install it
globally using the dash g flag.
And it's just simply bower.
We're going to
speed everything up,
but this should actually
take a few minutes.
So now we have all the command
line interfaces installed.
Now let's get started with
our IDE and text editors.
So you can use,
typically, almost any IDE
to develop with Polymer.
I personally like VS Code.
And in VS Code, they
have a nice part
where they have extensions.
In here you can search
for "Polymer IDE."
And it's typically the first
one by the Polymer team.
Hit Install, and then
reload your project.
All right, now we're all set up.
Let's initialize a project.
So here I'm going to go to my
desktop, cd to the desktop.
Then I'm going to
make a directory.
And we're going to call
it "Polycast checklist."
Now let's cd into that.
And now just double-check
we're in there.
And now let's
initialize our project.
So polymer init is the command
to initialize your project.
Just hit Enter there.
You'll get a bunch
of options to create
a Polymer 2 element, an
application starter kit,
et cetera.
We'll go with an
element for now.
The element name is going
to be "Polycast checklist,"
so you can just skip
through this and hit Enter.
For now we'll skip
the description.
And it's going to bower
install all the dependencies.
Cool, looks like we're set up.
Now, one last thing-- polymer
serve will start up a server
and actually show what
you have running so far.
So here we want to
copy the second one,
because we're creating an
element or reusable component.
So copy that, go over to
my browser, paste it in.
And ta-da, we're running.
So that's it.
We've got our tools installed
and our live environment
running.
In the next video, we'll
familiarize ourselves
with our project's layout.
See you soon.
[MUSIC PLAYING]